Hello, and welcome to the most advanced
and modern CSS course in the world.
I'm really excited to have you in this massive course
and I promise you made the right choice
by joining me in this adventure.
Now, without further ado, I want to give you
a quick overview of how the course is organized,
the projects that are included in the course,
and what exactly you are gonna learn.
So, the course contains a total of seven sections
with over 20 hours of content.
We start with section two, where we're gonna
jump right into our first project
and start learning some advanced CSS.
So, this is the Natours project that we're
going to start building in section two,
all the way to the end of section six.
It's a huge landing page that I designed
specifically to teach you a lot of different
new CSS properties and techniques.
Animations, advanced responsive design,
CSS architecture and much more.
And you see that there are lot of effects
going on here on this page.
Now, in section three we take a detailed look
at how CSS actually works behind the scenes
and we're also gonna talk a bit about CSS architecture,
so that you can gain the kind of knowledge
that many CSS developers out there don't have.
Next up, I will introduce you to Sass
and to the NPM ecosystem,
which will give you a whole new set of tools,
allowing you to write and compile Sass code.
Then, section five is the biggest part of the course
and this is where we will continue building
the Natours project that I showed you,
and where you will learn countless new
CSS properties and features.
After that, in section six,
we keep building the Natours project,
but now with a heavy focus on advanced responsive design.
In section seven we then build a whole new project,
this time using the immense power of Flexbox.
So, I will introduce you to this amazing new technology,
and then we build this entire modern-looking
project called Trillo, using Flexbox and some
other stuff that I'm going to show you as well.
And finally, you're gonna learn the latest
cutting edge CSS Grid layout technology.
So, in section eight I'm gonna teach you
the very fundamentals of CSS Grid and then
in section nine we will build yet another project
which is called Nexter and uses CSS Grid
for a large variety of UI elements,
so that you can apply grids to many
different real world situations.
All right, so that is a broad overview
of the course structure.
Now, in all the videos I always do my best
to explain every single detail of the techniques
that I'm using or the technologies that I'm introducing,
but sometimes you may still have a question
about any of the topics that you're learning.
And that's fantastic, because asking questions is great.
Or maybe you just run into a problem with your code
and need help fixing it, because it doesn't really
work the way it should.
Either way, you will always get support and help
in a You To Me Q&A section.
So, at the bottom of the video that you're watching
you will find a question section for that specific video
and whenever you have a question, you can check out
if other students may have asked the same question
and if not you can just post your own question
and you will then get friendly support
so that you're back to writing code as fast as possible.
And now, just to finish, I designed this course for you,
to bring your CSS skills to the most modern
and advanced level and to give you the tools
so that you can build any webpage or app
that you can imagine from the ground up.
And so we cover everything that all the other
courses don't cover, so that you can become
the confident front end web developer that you want to be.
That is my main goal with this course.
And with that being said, let's finally get started with it.